very good to all kids and we are in
fifa 15 I'm going to make an opening pack
because because yesterday came messi and messi
player report of the week and we're going to
see if they touch us one they touch us we are going to
go with the first envelope to the will take
Alava
let's see if it's time to know what's going on
there we go we go a point com
we started kicking we started fatal
Marquinhos contracts are worth, let's go
let's go for another one on you get
coins to spend on envelopes
let's go there or not be random to see that
it gives us that it gives us a point
campaign do not go go go of the one of
fatal players all fatal moments
Let's play, I'm not asking, man
crimson of whore mother truth everything
I simply ask
Ok let's go
the win wins the line and samba monkeys
no no no no no I do not want to erase all the
great to see what it costs this was good what
my text bread and then number because
slope can be brought some
Moneditas in front we are going to refresh
austria to the other time I do not want to hunt and
humidity always much stronger wagon
howard let's go play let's play
give it to me give it to me
with fatal fatal fatal carrick cross
let's see if it plays something good to be able to
one month and let's say
peters let's go I do not know how much it's worth
let's see do not compare price 30
my coins 30 thousand coins let's go
peter cech good about this lionel
messi 2 fan club
let's go there let's open wave let's
open up again messi because it has
luck or be given again
go go fuck gringa bitch fuck me
he has touched everything for the club
we still have 60,000 coins left for
spend that truth like if you are
liking this pack opening for now
I only have 12 good, it's not bad
let's open tenman maiden
to see what comes out easier does not touch anything
good has touched text but nothing else
calculation let's go there álava
prom
he said nothing does not touch anything
It was very bad where we are where we are
and Lord have left because I do not see it
let's do
there are only 40 thousand coins left, let's see
What do I have to do to see what it gives us?
arnautovic this is good I do not know if it
sell expensive or black look at the doorman of the
athletic or motorways to see to see to see
see what I see everything we go there we go to
open the envelopes that are left for us
a few months and let's go read me what has
as before to get you to see that gives me
now
what a big messi like paris yes sir
company takes company to see to see
see to see what price
we go 80 thousand coins takes since about
what about a car for the club and
cassano I do not think I give much for that
by companies and what has really touched me
company and asks for six the two of the
ready, we're going to win
we will look for it to messi good
always always gives us luck we go to
Record
praise the lord to see what touches me
let's wash
lemole not of the order or bad very badly
well I 'm not going to leave everything for the
club 16 thousand coins are two envelopes that
I have nothing left please do not talk about hair
from jong
I'm staying over gentlemen I'm left
about let's open it
Caramés called mucho suerte Griezmann
group cause I do not like it anymore I do not
like it in the envelopes he vargas and
messi this can be great this is going to
be big or the last envelope that is
come to see who plays
pum pum pum pum whore shit go shit
jonathan then nothing here we take for
finished this pack or benin you know
give the xxi you liked this video
comment below what you think and
subscribe if you are not already subscribed
we see and until the next